workflow for enrichment analysis using goseq (#586)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/transcriptomics/goseq/README.md

# Goseq GO-KEGG Enrichment Analysis Workflow

## Inputs dataset

The workflow need the following inputs:
- The DEG file:

>     - A tabular file with first column the gene symbol and second column a boolean value whether the gene is DEG or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A tabular file with first column the gene symbol and second column a boolean value whether the gene is a differentially expressed gene or not. 
```

- The gene length file:

>     - A tabular file with first column the gene symbol and second column the gene length of the genes.

Reviewer: Could you indicate the potential users where they can get this info? For example using a GTF and the tool "Gene length and GC content from GTF and FASTA file (Galaxy Version 0.1.2)"

- The KEGG file:

>     - A tabular file with first column the Pathway ID and second column the Pathway name like: 

Reviewer: Same here, could you indicate where you can get this info?

        -   ```
            ID  Name
            01100   Metabolic pathways - mmus
            01200   Carbon metabolism - mmus 
            ```
 
## Processing

- The workflow will do a simple enrichment analysis with taking into account the gene length

> - The output will be 3 files `GO table`, `Top ontology plot` and `DE genes in each category` for CC, BP, and MF ontologies and `KEGG table` and `DE genes in each KEGG Pathways`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The output will be 3 files `GO table`, `Top ontology plot` and `DE genes in each category` for Cellular Component, Biological Processes, and Molecular Function ontologies and `KEGG table` and `DE genes in each KEGG Pathways`
```

### Warning

> - This workflow uses mm10 reference genome

Reviewer 2: Can you please make that configurable ? You can insert a simple workflow parameter and select "Attempt restriction base on connections"

Reviewer: Would be good to also do it with the Select Gene ID format parameter.
